Let's talk about multiple inheritance which you're able to do in python.
Now remember we have our user wizard and Archer classes.
We're trying to build that game right now.
Let's clean up some of this code.
We won't need the IN IT function anymore.
We'll just have user here.
We have wizard that inherits from user and also Archer that inherits from user.
But what happens if we want to create a new character and this character is called a class let's say
let's say it's called hybrid Borg we are name I know but here's the thing.
Hybrid Borg is a special type of character because it has the powers that wizards have which is attack.
It has the power that archers have which is Czech arrows.
And just for fun let's also add run here and we'll just say four run ran really fast.
All right.
So we want this hybrid Borg to have all of these methods can we do that.
Well we can't.
All we need to do is say wizard and then Archer we can give it as many parameters as we want as as multiple
inheritances.
We're inheriting from Wizard and Archer so that in year let's say I don't do anything and I'll just
head pass if I instantiate let's say hybrid Borg one is going to be hybrid for class instantiate it.
I can now use all of these things.
Let's check them let's say print HP one dot run.
Can I do that again.
A little spelling error.
Let's make sure it's hybrid.
Hybrid Borg not hybrid board.
I hope you're not bored of this video.
All right.
I get an air missing two required positional arguments name and power.
Because while we have to pass these things in right it accepts these parameters OK.
So let's say that we want name to be
boggy and the power to be 50.
If I run this all right it looks like ran really fast run works I was able to inherit from Archer.
What about check arrows
if I click Run Oh I get hybrid Borg object has no attribute errors.
Now why is that because technically we inherited from Wizard first then Archer and Wizard except name
and power but we never gave the house name and Eris.
So how can we solve that.
Let's try something.
Let's say we added arrows here one hundred would this work hmm.
That doesn't work does it.
And this is a tricky thing with multiple inheritance and why some programming languages actually don't
even allow multiple inheritance.
Things could get a little tricky because in your head you have to make sure that you understand how
these classes are implemented and make sure that we're not overwriting anything in our case we can complicate
our code a little bit.
So what can we do here.
Well in here I can perhaps do something like this.
I can say define in it this receives self it will receive a name a power.
And also arrows.
And then finally and here I can say that we're going to call also the archer
dot in it.
And that's going to take self and then pass in the name and arrows so that if I run this well let's
add the arrows a hundred here and I click Run.
There you go.
Arrows is now working now just to check that our attack on the wizard is working as well.
If we do attack and click Run Oh boy.
Now our hybrid object has no power so once again in order for us to have power we'll have to copy this
and let's say this time wizard in it self and then give it power by click Run.
All right.
Attack works.
Let's go back to check arrow make sure we haven't broken anything if I click that that works as well.
And then finally what about signing Paul sign in work
logged in.
All right.
Oh boy that was a lot.
And there are a few ways of actually solving this problem.
What I wanted to show you though is that when you do multiple inheritance things can get complicated.
And although we walk through it step by step.
Imagine if there was a coder that came along on your team at work and tried to understand this code
well we've added quite a bit of logic here and things are getting more and more complicated and it's
hard to keep track of everything in your head.
And this is why multiple inheritance is one of those things where it's really really powerful but with
great power comes great responsibility because we're creating more and more complexity.
Again part of the reason that some programming languages don't actually allow you to do multiple inheritance
and by the way I'm going to confuse you even more in the next video we're going to talk about something
called MRO and it's going to be another great example of why you want to be cautious with multiple inheritances.
I'll see you on that one by.